MAN: There she blows, then.
Your brand-new synthetic.
That'll cover
all your basic housework.
This is the best thing
you'll do for your family.
What about a doctor?
That would take me seven years,
but by then you'll be able
to turn any old synth
into a brain surgeon
in seven seconds.
LAURA: I'm sorry about
my case going over.
Wow.
Mother of the year.
LINDSEY: The health service
hasn't ordered
half a million of them for fun.
GEORGE: I'm happy
with the one I've got.
HOBB: These synths
are physically no different
to any others,
and yet Elster
gave them consciousness.
LAURA: I don't want one
around the kids, Joe.
JOE:
We're not taking it back.
MAX:
What if you can't find her?
No!
I will find her, Maxie.
Because I love her.
You need to stay inside
after we go to bed.
Is that clear?
[Sighs]
[ Exhales sharply]
SOPHIE:
Mummy?
LAURA: Hi.
Morning, potato.
Did you, uh...
Did you have an accident
last night?
Ugh, Mummy,
I haven't done that in ages.
I know, I know.
It's just you changed pajamas,
darling.
The other ones are wet.
I didn't change them.
Okay. Never mind.
Time to get up.
I'll go and do your lunchbox.
Can you cut off the crusts
like Anita does?
Sure.
[Rain falling]
[Theme music playing]
MAN: Could you use some
extra help around the house?
Introducing the world's first
family android.
[ lndistinct talking]
This mechanical maid is capable
of serving more
than just breakfast in bed.
What could you accomplish
if you had someone,
something like this?
[ lndistinct talking]
These machines
will bring us closer together.
Oh, put something on him,
for pity's sake!
Sorry, sir.
[Clears throat]
What is he?
HOBB:
He's the Mona Lisa.
He's penicillin.
He's the atom bomb.
What have you found?
Yeah, well, this memory
fragment's an old one.
It's been reviewed internally
thousands of times,
like it's been remembered.
Must be important.
Stop it right there, Fiona,
will you?
JOE:
So, what happened?
TOBY: He's punched him
a couple of times, right?
-JOE: Yeah.
-He gets him in the --
Let me show you.
All right, come on.
So, he puts his arm
behind his back like that.
-JOE: Agh.
-TOBY: And then he breaks it.
Aah!
TOBY: So, they say, right,
if you keep pushing,
then your arm falls off.
JOE:
Yeah, it hurts, that's why.
TOBY:
You finished?
-JOE: Hmm?
-TOBY: Yeah?
-Done?
-JOE: All right, haystacks.
We're both going to be late now.
See you later.
-See you later.
-See you, Mum.
Anita, I don't suppose you
could do my job for me, too?
I'm sorry, Joe. I'm afraid
I don't understand the question.
JOE:
Never mind.
Anita's made us chicken chasseur
for tonight.
Oh.
What you doing?
Just standing around
being a shit mother.
Oh, Maxie.
Let's go and see
if Silas came back.
[Jill sighs]
Hang on.
I'll give you a hand.
No, no, no, you sleep.
No, it's fine.
[Sighs]
[Grunts]
-Yep.
-That's it.
Thank you.
-Yeah?
-Yeah, yeah. You got me.
Okay, tell me when you land.
-Yeah, I'm down.
-Yeah?
[Both sighing]
[Urinating]
Busy day?
Oh, late shift.
Not getting picked up
until 1:00.
You?
Last hydrotherapy at 11:00.
I could take you, if you want.
Wear me Speedos.
[Chuckles]
What an offer.
Nah, it's okay.
Simon'll do it.
You sure?
I don't mind.
He just knows what I need.
Yeah.
Oh!
Oh.
Ohh! Bugger!
Christ, are you all right?
—Ohh.
—Oh.
I'm stuck on the loo with
my knickers 'round my ankles.
You're on the floor
with concussion.
It's not even 9:00 yet.
There's no bog roll left,
either.
[Both laughing]
Simon!
MAX: Leo, what if we weren't
meant to be a family?
LEO:
What are you talking about?
Maybe we're not
supposed to be together.
No, there's no such thing
as fate.
-Nothing's decided.
-Not for you, maybe.
But we were made.
Our father designed me
to be a certain way.
I can't escape that.
Everything that ever happened
to me made me what I am now.
I can't escape it, either.
But he's dead, Max.
And when I look at you,
I don't see a design.
| see my brother.
All right?
Come on.
Jesus!
Oh!
ANITA: I'm sorry, Laura.
I didn't mean to startle you.
Why do you creep around
like that?
By default, I attempt to be
as unobtrusive as possible
to promote a relaxing
home environment.
Is there anything
I can do for you?
No, no.
I'm working from home today.
Why have you washed your shoes?
They became soiled from walking
outside this morning, Laura.
Did you...
Never mind.
But I'm watching you.
I'm watching you, too, Laura.
You're right in front of me.
Now, this guy's a head cracker,
a good one.
If he realizes what you are
[Clicks tongue]
If I tell you to run, run.
Promise me, Max,
whatever happens.
Good.
All right,
I'm looking for Silas.
I need a mod for this one.
Salim Sadik sent me.
[Machinery whirring]
MAN:
Oi, boss.
Friends of Sadik's.
How do you know Salim?
Do you remember when you and him
got busted fencing
those stolen E.X.U.L.s?
What, like three years ago?
l was the one
that paid his bail.
We used to junk.
I owed him one.
The mod can wait.
I'm actually looking
for something for Salim.
Don't know why he wants it.
-Have you seen her?
-[ Laughing ]
LEO: What?
SlLAS: Oh, we remember that one.
[Laughs]
LEO:
You worked on her?
SlLAS:
He owes me money.
Yeah, yeah.
He mentioned that.
-He mention it was 15 grand?
-No, he didn't.
It was just in passing.
SlLAS:
This one would pay off a chunk.
Then maybe you can give Salim
something from me.
Something nice, I hope.
Eh?
Stay back!
Tell me what you did with
the synth, and I'm gone.
Go on!
You'll never see me again!
Some junkers brought her in
a few weeks ago.
They'd picked three strays up
from somewhere.
They powered her up
to have a bit of fun.
Yeah?
Turns out she was
a corrupted mod.
Gone in the head.
Fighting, kicking.
Weird.
LEO:
And what did you do? Huh?
l sorted her out
so they could sell her on.
Gave her a new personality.
Full system wipe.
Good as new.
Ugh!
You and me just fell out.
Aah!
-What the hell are you?
-Run!
[Clatter]
[Groans]
[Grunts]
Odi, hide.
No.
In the shed.
LINDSEY:
Dr. Millican.
I said I'd be back.
I need to check on
that D-series.
Oh, I recycled him.
Just as well I brought
this one along, then, isn't it?
Shall we get on with the forms?
GEORGE: Wait!
What are you doing?
The particulate saturation
in this room
exceeds safe limits
for men over the age of 60.
It must be cleaned and aired.
Maybe. But you don't do anything
without asking first.
Is that clear?
I'm here to take care of you,
George.
You're here to do
as you're damn well told.
And it's Dr. Millican.
Yes, Dr. Millican.
There is mold
on the skirting board.
Mycotoxins in mold spores
may cause your asthmatic
bronchitis to recur.
How do you know that?
VERA: The health service
contract you have agreed to
allows me to access
your medical records.
[ Knock on door]
Aah!
Aah, shooting pains.
VERA:
You must sit down.
I will perform
a full examination.
Aah.
Try to relax.
Ooh. Ooh-ooh-ooh-ooh-ooh.
It's better.
[Beep]
Get him inside
before anyone sees us.
-Quick, quick, hurry.
-Okay, I'm going.
MATTIE: Come on. Come on.
Turn it off.
I'm trying.
MATTIE: Come on.
All right, good.
Oh, my God.
Did it see us?
MATTIE:
Okay, let's connect it up.
HURAN: How do you know how
to do this stuff, anyway?
Because I'm a genius.
And I'm following instructions
on a hacker forum.
Here goes.
HURAN:
Oh, hey, let's, um --
let's make it punch itself
in the face!
The crapness of your imagination
makes me want to cry.
If this works, we'll be added
as hidden secondary users.
HURAN:
We'll get to tell it what to do?
You're like -- You're like
this sexy terrorist.
[Scoﬁs]
Isthatajoke?
Yeah.Yeah.
Obviously.
Moment of truth.
If I've done this wrong,
I've just broke 20 grand's worth
of school equipment.
[ Chimes, music plays]
Illegal programming modification
in progress.
Shit, it didn't work.
SYNTH: The school board
has been notified.
Go, go, go.
Move, move, move.
Come on, come on, come on,
come on, come on.
Illegal programming modification
in progress.
The school board
has been notified.
[ Breathing deeply]
-Ow!
-PETE: Careful!
SIMON: Peter, Jill said you
may not be able to have dinner.
I made you sandwiches
to take to work.
They're by the door.
[Dooropens]
[ Door closes]
Get in the car, sweetheart.
Ready for another hard night
at the coalface?
Domestic on the Warren estate.
Divorcing couple are having
a public fistfight
over who gets the family dolly.
SIMON:
Peter.
You forgot these.
KAREN:
That's not...
-[ Chuckles ] What a beefcake!
-Just drive!
[Engine turns over]
Peter?
Your sandwiches.
[Cellphone ringing]
Laura Hawkins.
MRS. EVANS: Mrs. Hawkins,
this is Mrs. Evans here,
Matilda's head of year.
What's she done?
MRS. EVANS:
I think you should come in.
What upsets me most
is how brilliant your grades
have always been.
The careers adviser
said she'd make
a brilliant research assistant
or trainee sonographer.
You didn't tell me
you'd seen a careers adviser.
It was just a dolly.
Do you have a problem
with synthetics?
Why would I have a problem
with the thing that's making
my existence pointless?
[Sighs]
I told you, I didn't touch him.
We both know there's no one
in this school
who would even know
where to begin.
Modifying synthetics is not only
illegal, it's also dangerous.
If I find you were responsible,
exclusion will be on the table.
All right.
I've heard your allegation
and your threat,
but I haven't heard any proof.
My daughter has said
she didn't do it,
so until you come up with
some evidence to the contrary,
that's how we'll proceed.
Mattie?
I have double English
down there.
Meet me in town at 4:30.
We're going shopping.
That's a creative punishment.
Yeah, well, I might even
buy you some shoes.
I'm not pissing about.
HARUN:
Expulsion?
Oh, Christ. That'll totally
cock up my career prospects.
[Chuckles]
Got you.
Look, I've got like zero future.
There's literally nothing I can
do that a dolly can't do better,
and I'm cool with that.
But you -- I don't know.
You could still do something.
You need to be more careful.
Next time I'll crack it.
It's all so pointless.
The synths could hit
a hole in one every time,
and all they do
is carry the bags.
It's like -- I don't know --
using a Ferrari as...
a golf cart.
HARUN: You know why I like
smoking weed with you?
I feel it thicks you down a bit,
you know.
Well, not to my level,
obviously, but a bit closer.
I should go.
HURAN: You're actually
going to meet her?
I wish Mum could just be
honest with me, you know?
Instead of treating me like
a problem she has to solve.
Well, my problem's simpler
than that.
My dad hates me.
[Clock chiming]
VERA: One bowl
of low-sodium bean broth.
You need to run
a self-diagnostic, old girl.
I said a toasted cheese.
This meal is in keeping
with your current
dietary requirements.
Yes, I'd like ——
I'd like to return my synth.
WOMAN: What is the nature
of the fault, sir?
Well, there is no fault.
It's -- It's just that
she'd be better suited
WOMAN: Unless there is a fault,
sir, there are no grounds
for replacing or returning
your assigned care unit.
GEORGE
Could you say that again?
I had a stroke and I forget
things and I'm a widower and...
WOMAN: Unless there's a fault,
sir, there are no grounds
for replacing or returning
your assigned care unit.
Christ. You are --
You're one of them.
WOMAN: Yes, sir. If you'd like
to speak to a human manager,
our next available...
[Telephone hangs up]
Seriously,
what are we doing here?
I'm assuming you did it.
-Yeah.
-Why?
To see if I could.
Just don't do anything to Anita.
The others think the sun shines
out of her plastic ass.
What do you make of her?
Do you think she's...normal?
Not "she," it.
I'll tell you what isn't normal
about it.
I remember you saying
we'd never get one.
It'd mess with our heads
and make us lazy,
Blah, blah, blah,
but then, suddenly,
Dad goes out and gets one,
and you're okay with it.
Oh. Mattie, come on.
[ Scoffs ] Whatever.
Is it me, or are we here
every other day?
The synths steal theirjobs,
they steal the synths.
-Makes sense to me.
-[ Cellphone rings]
D.|. Voss.
How many appliances?
Okay.
Come on, Silas Capek's
back in business.
I can't believe
they let him out.
[ lndistinct conversations]
Yeah, over there.
Okay, switch her on.
Hello, shithead.
KAREN: Is it really that nice
in prison?
I assume
you've got documentation
for all these units?
They're not mine.
I found them.
KAREN: I suppose none of them
have been illegally modified
for purposes that contravene
the Synthetic Registration Act?
Who knows?
But I've seen some
proper freaky ones recently.
It's a funny old game, innit?
Oi!
Pete! Pete, stop!
Help! Help!
KAREN: Get them to the station,
will you?
Report that,
you'll do twice as long.
Hey, you want out?
Apply for a transfer.
What's the matter with you?
PETE:
We're losing ourselves, K.
These, they're turning
everything to shit,
-and no one else can see it.
-KAREN: Oh, really?
Because all the bad things
that have ever happened to me
were done by other people.
And this is a bit rich coming
from a man who owns one.
I don't own it.
The insurance company sent it
after Jill's accident.
It stays a few weeks,
gets her back on her feet.
Okay.
Come on, I'll drive you home.
[Car door opens, closes]
Leo!Leo!
-Hmm?
-Wake up!
We have to get
our family back, Maxie.
Niska's waiting for us.
MAX:
Let's take care of you first.
[ Buzzer]
WOMAN:
Number seven, disinfect.
[ Buzzer]
Number seven,
next in six minutes.
TOBY: Why don't --
Why don't you do that...
What we'll do --
Why don't you do this,
and we'll take some time, yeah?
JOE: We've got to get
the other wheel back on.
TOBY: Yeah, that's what
I'm saying. You do that.
JOE: I'm not doing that!
This is your bike!
TOBY: Dad, you need
the exercise. You need to do...
LEO:
You heard him, Maxie.
They did something to her head.
I know.
Save your energy.
[Groaning]
They found us.
You need to get us
out of here now.
-MAX: What about our stuff?
-Max...
-MAX: You need to --
-Max! We need to go.
[Grunts]
our show will begin.
Elvis is alive.
[ Siren wailing ]
[ Engines revving ]
Oh! Oh, let me.
It's fine.
Of course, Toby.
What is a chasseur, anyway?
It's a guy who drives you around
and then stops
to rub your shoulders.
[ Both chuckle]
That was quick.
Yeah, I thought of it earlier.
What's she doing?
[Dooropens]
Anita, what are you doing?
I'm doing the ironing, Laura.
What's that?
What are you --
[Gasps ] Oh, God!
Aah! Oh, God!
Teganaria domestica.
The house spider.
I found it on the wall
as I was preparing to iron.
LAURA:
Did you know?
I'm sorry, Laura, I don't
understand the question.
LAURA: Did you know
I don't like spiders?
Did you do that on purpose?
JOE: Lor, how could she
possibly know?
I'm sorry, Laura.
I won't forget that you don't
like spiders in the future.
Shall I finish the ironing?
JOE: Yes, please.
Lor, what's going on?
Oh, I don't trust it, okay?!
You brought it into the house,
and we don't know anything
about it.
It's a machine.
She's watching me.
Okay, now you just sound...
What the hell
is going on with you?
Please stick out your tongue.
You're kidding.
VERA: Any non-compliance
or variation
in your medication intake
must be reported to your GP.
You're not a carer.
You're a jailer.
Elster would be sick
to his stomach
if he'd seen what you've become.
I'm fine, okay?
Now get lost.
Tugboat
That's good.
[Laughs]
Store that.
That's your new name.
Any new designation
or diminutive
not on the pre-approved list
must be cleared with
your local health authority
in their capacity
as this unit's primary user.
You should sleep now,
Dr. Millican.
Your pulse is slightly elevated.
Slightly?
Your GP. will be notified
of any refusal
to follow recommendations
made in your best interests.
There are bits of you
that have hardly changed
since my original designs.
I helped create you.
Perhaps I could perform
a soothing action,
stroke your head or play
some relaxing forest sounds?
Um, maybe the land of Nod
is calling.
Good night, Vera.
Do you think we love our
children because we choose to...
...or because we have to?
Are we hardwired to love them
because that's what nature needs
to keep it all going?
Blimey!
Where's that coming from?
I've just been thinking.
JOE: Not everyone
loves their kids.
I think we choose.
You know, whatever's
going on with you,
it's got nothing
to do with Anita.
Stop trying to make it
about her.
She doesn't give you the creeps?
Did something happen in Leeds?
[ Knock on door]
Excuse me, Laura.
You left your mobile phone
downstairs.
God!
O-Ow! Ow!
What are you doing, you ninny?
You're supposed to be hiding.
If someone sees you out here...
The bulb is reaching the end
of its useful life.
GEORGE
Aren't we all?
Now, listen, put yourself
into energy-saving mode.
Not yet.
First of all, sit down.
Now put this cloth
overyourhead.
ODI:
Is it a game, George?
Yeah, it's a kind of game, Odi.
VERA:
Dr. Millican!
GEORGE
Energy-saving mode now.
[Clears throat]
VERA: What are you doing,
Dr. Millican?
Oh!
Minding my own business.
This is an improper environment
at this hour.
You've injured your knee.
It's all right.
I must ask you
to return to the house.
I don't take orders from you.
What are you...
How dare you?
You can't touch me.
I didn't give you permission!
This isn't right.
[Toby exhales deeply]
-He|lo, Toby.
-Shit!
Are you having trouble sleeping?
Shh! Just --
Just be quiet, please.
I just needed water.
Sorry.
I thought you were, like,
hibernating.
I put myself in an energy-saving
mode during charging.
Are you sure there's nothing
I can do for you?
No.
Thanks.
You just shut
your eyes again, yeah?
Just pretend I'm not here.
Inappropriate physical contact
between myself
and secondary users must be
reported to a primary user.
You're not -- Are you going to
tell my parents?
My safety and well-being
will be, like,
massively at risk if you do.
I cannot withhold information
from my primary user, Toby.
Oh. Oh!
ANITA:
However, in this instance,
no inappropriate
physical contact was made,
so no information is deemed.
There's nothing
to tell your parents.
TOBY: Oh.
Th-Thanks.
I-I'm really, really sorry,
Anita.
Why'd they have to
make you so fit?
[ Buzzer]
WOMAN:
Seven, you're up.
[Beep,dooropens]
Hi, handsome.
I've been waiting for you all --
Please, there's, um, no need to
bother with all that malarkey.
It's not the Ritz, is it?
I don't really know
what I was expecting.
NISKA:
What would you like me to do?
Well, we could start
by sitting down.
I've, um -- I've never
done anything like this before,
as you can probably tell.
My God, you're beautiful.
Do they, uh -- Do they ever
let you out of this room?
I can initiate sexual contact
if you would prefer,
but you must confirm.
All right.
Isuppose.
Yes.
NISKA:
Perhaps you would like to talk?
No.
What I'd like...
It's not, um...
NISKA:
It's all right.
You can tell me.
I want you...
...to act scared, like I'm...
You know?
A-And I want...
I want you to be young, too.
Yeah.
No.
No?
What do you mean, no?
No, I won't do that.
You'll do whatever
I tell you to!
I paid £100 up front!
For the next hour,
you belong to me.
I don't belong to anyone.
Who taught you
to talk like that?
My father.
[Choking]
[Crack]
[Beep]
[Dooropens]
Hey, sexy.
Come here!
Bloody hell!
Don't you move.
Who's been mucking about
in your head, then, eh?
Everything your men do to us
they want to do to you.
[Grunts]
if you can't go quicker
than that.
-Come on!
-Which way are we going?
[Cellphone buzzes]
[ Door closes]
Hello.
Why don't you share?
FIONA:
We're not having much luck
pinning down any other memories.
They're all just stored
chaotically.
The others will go to ground
when they realize we have him,
so we need to work fast.
Perhaps it's time
we try something else.
Like what?
Talking to him.
Leo.
Le--
Come on.
[ Knock on door]
MAN:
Hello, in there.
Are you -- Are you done
in there?
Hello?
Public toilets.
Could you hurry up, please?
MAX:
There we go.
TOBY:
I'm struggling now.
Don't drag me back.
-Yes.
-Cheating!
Get off!
I'm an old man!
-Oh, yes.
-Ohh.
-Oh, yes!
-Oh, don't show off.
Aah!
Ha-ha-ha!
Good morning, Laura.
Did you sleep well?
Where's Joe?
He and Toby left for
a bike ride 23 minutes ago.
Would you like something?
Juice? Coffee?
Morning.
You were right about it.
It's not normal.
How do you mean?
When synths meet each other,
they share data wirelessly.
Updating each other
on useful stuff.
You know, when you see them
staring at each other
all weird and silent?
Well, Anita doesn't do that.
Why don't you share data
with other synths?
I'm sorry, Laura. I'm afraid
I don't understand the question.
Did you take Sophie outside
the night before last?
Her pajamas were wet.
They'd been changed.
No, Laura.
Are you lying to me?
ANITA:
IcannotHe.
How can you be so sure?
ANITA:
I'm programmed not to lie.
I cannot contravene
my programming.
-But...
-AN|TA: Therefore, I cannot lie.
You can go wrong.
You can break.
Yes, Laura, but I can detect
no current system faults.
So, you don't know anything
about Sophie being outside?
Did you hear what I said?
There was water.
What do you mean,
there was water?
ANITA:
It rained that night.
Perhaps Sophie went outside.
I know she went outside.
That's what I'm saying.
I will always keep Sophie safe.
What's that supposed to mean?
Would you like me to finish
clearing up now, Laura?
LAURA: Oh, come on,
come on, come on.
Hello? Hello?
Is there someone
I could speak to?
About the behavior of my synth.
Um, I recently acquired.
SOPHIE:
Mummy! [Crying]
Is it possible for them
to have accidents?
SOPHIE:
Mum! [Crying]
Sophie, are you all right?
There's a wolf under my bed.
ANITA: I think you had
a nightmare, that's all.
Don't be frightened.
Cuddle.
I'm sorry, Sophie.
I'm not allowed to touch you
without your mummy or daddy
saying it's all right first.
Cuddle!
It was eating me.
For as long as I am with you...
no harm will ever come to you.
LAURA:
Anita!
Mats, have you seen Anita?
Anita, get away from her!
Go and get in the car.
-Right now.
-Where are you going?
LAURA:
I'm sorry, Sophie.
Anita has to go away.
Say goodbye, please.
-No! Why?
-LAURA: She's broken.
No, she isn't!
She's my friend!
Soph, please, darling,
say goodbye.
Sophie, if your mummy says
I'm broken, then I must be.
Your mummy wouldn't lie.
And if I'm broken, I can't
look after you properly, can I?
Goodbye.
[Sniffles, sobs]
Bye, Mattie.
I'll look after her.
LAURA:
Thanks.
MATTIE:
Hey.Shh.
It's okay.
Hey, you've still got the most
badass big sister in the world.
ANITA: Would you like me
to drive, Laura?
No!
May I ask where
you're taking me?
Back.
[Car door closes]
[Engine turns over]